src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:14:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic: This final field could be made static
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultpasswordLength
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:15:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:23:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:24:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depChoice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Class comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:13:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this Scanner object are closed after use
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:13:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:15:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:18:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:21:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: Usage of System.out/err
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:23:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'depChoice' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
